Add MIERUNE announcement (#49)
maplibre/maplibre.github.io: content/news/2022-06-10-mierune-announcement.md

## Why do you support MapLibre?

We strongly believe in the open-source culture. Continuous support for the OSS is essential to make innovations happen. We think that contributing to the OSS ecosystems is an important activity as a company benefiting from them.

We would like to support MapLibre's growth in terms of providing a variety of solution options and opportunities to the community.

We see a growing number of MapLibre users here in Japan, and we expect them to increase even faster.

We want to use this contribution as a stepping stone to participate in projects around the world that take full advantage of MapLibre's capabilities, and feedback on the needs of the users to the development team, as well as directly contribute to the development itself (we already have contributed to the codebase before sponsoring the project).

## Have you supported other open-source projects in the past?

> - QGIS.org - Sustaining Member: https://qgis.org/en/site/about/sustaining_members.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [QGIS.org - Sustaining Member](https://qgis.org/en/site/about/sustaining_members.html)
```

> - Funded "Vector Tile native support in QGIS" Crowdfunding Project: https://www.lutraconsulting.co.uk/crowdfunding/vectortile-qgis/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Funded "Vector Tile native support in QGIS" Crowdfunding Project](https://www.lutraconsulting.co.uk/crowdfunding/vectortile-qgis/)
```

> - OSGeoJP (Japan Chapter of OSGeo Foundation) - Institutional Sponsor: https://www.osgeo.jp/sponsor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[OSGeoJP (Japan Chapter of OSGeo Foundation) - Institutional Sponsor](https://www.osgeo.jp/sponsor)
```

> - OpenStreetMap Foundation Japan - "State of the Map" Conference Sponsor, 2017-2020): https://stateofthemap.jp/ (As we do not have a conference yet after 2020)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[OpenStreetMap Foundation Japan - "State of the Map" Conference Sponsor, 2017-2020)](https://stateofthemap.jp/) (As we haven't had a conference since 2020 due to the global situation)
```
